refresh the platform import section (#147)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/platform.rst

.. _platform_import:

MicroEJ Platform Import
=======================

> A MicroEJ Standalone Application requires a MicroEJ Platform to be executed on Simulator or to build the Firmware binary for the target device.

Reviewer: I find the sentence confusing because it can be read as if the platform is executed on the simulator.

> A MicroEJ Standalone Application requires a MicroEJ Platform to be executed on Simulator or to build the Firmware binary for the target device.

Reviewer 2: OK.

```suggestion
A MicroEJ Platform is required to run a MicroEJ Standalone Application on the Simulator or build the Firmware binary for the target device.
```
?

The :ref:`platform-developer-guide` describes how to create a MicroEJ Platform from scratch for any kind of device. 

> In addition, some MicroEJ Platforms are available for several commercial targets boards from main MCU/MPU chip manufacturers
> at https://repository.microej.com/index.php?resource=JPF.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, MicroEJ provides platforms for various development boards (see https://repository.microej.com/index.php?resource=JPF).
```

MicroEJ Platforms are distributed in two packages:

- source files imported in the workspace, called `Platforms in Workspace`. This is the default case.
- binary files imported in the :ref:`MicroEJ repository <workspace>`, ending with the ``.jpf`` extension. As of MicroEJ SDK ``5.3.0``, this package is deprecated.

Source Platform Import
----------------------

Import from Folder
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This sections applies when the Platform files are already available on a local folder. 
This is likely the case when the files are checked out from a Version Control System, such as a local git repository clone. 

.. note::

   If you are going to import a Platform from MicroEJ Github, you can follow the specific :ref:`github` section instead (the projects will be automatically imported).

- Select :guilabel:`File` > :guilabel:`Import…` > :guilabel:`General` >
  :guilabel:`Existing Projects into Workspace` > :guilabel:`Select
  root directory` > :guilabel:`Browse…`.
- Select the root directory. The wizard will automatically discover projects to import.

> - Click on :guilabel:`Finish` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Click on the :guilabel:`Finish` button.
```

Import from Zip File
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This sections applies when the Platform files are packaged in a ``.zip`` file. 

- Select :guilabel:`File` > :guilabel:`Import…` > :guilabel:`General` >
  :guilabel:`Existing Projects into Workspace` > :guilabel:`Select
  archive file` > :guilabel:`Browse…`.

> - Select the zip of the project (e.g. ``x.zip``). The wizard will automatically discover projects to import.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Select the zip of the project (e.g., ``x.zip``). The wizard will automatically discover projects to import.
```

> - Click on :guilabel:`Finish` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Click on the :guilabel:`Finish` button.
```

Platform Build
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

MicroEJ Platforms are usually shared with only the Platform configuration files. 

> Once projects are imported, follow the Platform specific documentation for how to build the Platform.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this formulation either.  I'll try to come up with something.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MicroEJ Platforms are usually shared with only the Platform configuration files. 
Once the projects are imported, follow the platform-specific documentation to build the Platform.
```

Once imported or built, a Platform project should be available as following:

.. figure:: images/platform_project.png
   :alt: MicroEJ Platform Project
   :align: center

   MicroEJ Platform Project

> The ``source`` folder contains the Platform content which can be set to the ``target.platform.dir`` option.

Reviewer 2: Where should this option be set? Why?

Author: OK I will enhance later by pull-up this section in Standalone Application build
https://docs.microej.com/en/latest/KernelDeveloperGuide/buildType.html#change-the-platform-used-to-build-the-firmware-and-the-virtual-device

Binary Platform Import
----------------------

> After downloading the MicroEJ Platform ``.jpf`` file, launch MicroEJ SDK to import the MicroEJ Platform:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After downloading the MicroEJ Platform ``.jpf`` file, launch MicroEJ SDK and follow these steaps to import the MicroEJ Platform:
```

Reviewer: @jerome-leroux there is a typo in your suggestion.  `s/steaps/steps/`.

Reviewer 2: Fixed

-  Open the Platform view in MicroEJ SDK, select :guilabel:`Window` >

>    :guilabel:`Preferences` > :guilabel:`MicroEJ` > :guilabel:`Platforms`. The

Reviewer 2: Add a '.' at the end of the sentence.
